<!-- 14437509 Matthew OMALLEY -->



Matthew O'Malley
10 broadmead avenue
Northampton
NN3 2QY

Phone: 09714697380

E-mail: supamigit@gmail.com


Supporting Statement
I am applying for this post because I believe that I have the temperament and integrity to be an asset to the company. I believe everyone should be given the opportunity to achieve to the best of their ability; I enjoy working as part of a team, as teamwork can lesson individual stress, and offers shared knowledge, and support. I have good listening skills and ability to communicate with others, with remembering to be empathetic, having the ability to be calm in a crisis, and open to new ideas and change. I have the ability to plan my work ensuring that the flow of the business moves smoothly, while solving difficult issues that may arise. I am willing to learn and bring ideas to the table that will enhance the quality of the Establishment. I am trustworthy and if I was to be offered this job I would be committed to the work and the ethos of the organisation.

Experience

Bar Worker / Supervisor (PartTime) (10/13 - Agency)
Oasis Inc (Northampton, Northamptonshire)
Early starts from 5am onwards till job is complete, including late night work;
Served alcohol to patrons of all classes
Setup and shutdown the process of a bar.
Change barrels, Cashed in and Cashed out end of day.
Supervised Teams of Bar Workers.
Supervised collection of bars at a venue, including all Teams.

Guard Rail Engineer (FullTime) (09/10 - 01/13)
Makco Inc (Louisa, VA)
Early starts from 5am onwards till job is complete, including night work;
Worked on 40+ hr schedule up to 70 hrs per week;
Lifting constantly 100lbs plus of  material for job;
Made specific measurements to state standards and the contract;
Completed job by the requested deadlines.

Automotive Technician (Intern.) (06/07 - 07/08)
Strauss Tire and Auto (Philadelphia, PA)
Arrived in a timely manner for the, working to company polices;
Advised "Service Writer" in work at hand, also if extras (Up sales) was required;
Maintained a clean working environment for shop and customer satisfaction;
Worked in a fast but correct order of operations when on a job;
Notated all paper work given back to the shop for payment;
Returned vehicle to the customer, as it was given.

Credit card Specialist (Full-time) (05/06 - 05/07)
Navy Federal Credit Union (Vienna, VA)
Answers telephone calls from members and other individuals (e.g., joint owners, cardholders, employees, other financial institutions, etc.) responding to inquiries and basic account requests;
Verifies the identity of the caller; uses multiple automated systems with multiple screens to access account information;
Takes credit applications: Interviews member, ensuring information is complete and accurate;
Accesses automated systems for reference and data input; and, enters data into on-line loan application. Consistently applies federal, VISA/MC, NCUA, NACHA and other pertinent regulations, policies and procedures to ensure applications are in compliance with regulations and policies;
Performs account transfers and adjustments within defined circumstances and scope of authority;
Activates new, reissued and reinstated credit/debit cards. Issuing cards also cardholder notifications for members.

Volunteer Youth Worker (Part time) (01/06 - 04/06)
CastleHaven Youth Inclusion Project (Camden, London)
Administered 1st level technical support for Y.I.P co-workers;
Teaching Youth on Music applications such as Reason and GarageBand
Advised the company on updates and upgrades to core systems, and windows applications;
Analyzed systems in place and presented recommended changes;
Created and co-managed audio production course; Developed MS Office (2003) basic training program for Y.I.P staff;
Provided instructions on concepts of internet security and network data storage transfer;
Taught basic usage of logic Audio, Garage band, the differences with audio format (WAV, AIFF, WMA, MP3), the equipment assembly / dissemble, also the basic usage of Adobe Photoshop to produce CD covers.

Education
Computer Games Developement BSc (09/14 - Current)
Associates Degree - Automotive Technology and Conceptual Design (05/07 - 08/08)
Lincoln Technical Institute, Philadelphia , PA.
